<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Monday 27th October
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>18:00 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (Minuting), Amrit Bhogal (AB), Toby Landells (TL), Joe Adams (JA), Sabrina Ahmad (SA), Evie Wilson (EW), Rohit Jose (RJ)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Maddy</li>

<li>Oli</li>

<li>Sumeet</li>

<li>Deji</li>

<li>Albert</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes approved</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action TL: Find drive transfer script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Valyfy</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Contact guild</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Complete SGF for ‘deposit’</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>EGM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Do a poll for a new meeting time</strong></li>
 
<li>MW thinks the EGM went fine</li>
 
<li>MW reports that the guild may have concerns over the voting website</li>
 
<li>MW reports the guild has asked if we want to trial a new election methodology</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>We don’t want to due to the next election being an AGM</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Break</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>TL + MG will be there</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Halloween Quiz - Thursday 30th October</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Get baby pictures</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action in progress</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Buy alcohol</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Print out answer sheets</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action in progress</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Christmas Meal - Thursday 4th December</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Email/Ring about rainbow lasagna and two courses</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>
  
<li>MW reports that we have received prices and rainbow lasagna and two courses are fine</li>
  
<li>MW has completed the ticket request form</li>
  
<li>MW intends to announce tickets at the Halloween Quiz</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>League Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>EW reports sign ups are going out on November 6th</li>
 
<li>The tournament will be Friday 21st November</li>
 
<li>EW reports we need to buy prizes</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>EW suggests hygiene products</li>
  
<li>SA suggests mugs that read ‘I went to a league tournament and I was the best loser’</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bar Crawl</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Pushed back to semester 2 (approx. 30th January)</li>
 
<li>MW asks what we are doing with t-shirts</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG suggests at price for a t-shirt with a free attendance ticket</li>
  
<li>MG asks about steward t-shirts</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>General agreement that they are a good idea</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>FT’s plan:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>19:00-20:30: Flight Club</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>£9pp for darts</li>
   
<li>Booking £12pp</li>
   
<li>They have food</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>20:30-21:00: Katie O’briens</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Unsure on booking costs</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>21:20-22:00: The Brasshouse</li>
  
<li>22:00-23:00: Felsons</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Online only allows up to 10 for online bookings</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ticket request</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Buy Pterobyte stickers</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
  
<li>JA reports there are spares in the cupboard</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW will check</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>OSM Mapathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Thursday 27th November</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Do RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW asks if we are doing pizza</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG suggests no due to finances</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bletchley Park</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Book coach</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports that we have a quote of £1135</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW reports that Bletchley have been emailed</li>
 
<li>MW asks if we are doing wheelchair tickets</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>JA asks if anyone has asked</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW reports no</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MW reminds us that foldable wheelchairs can go under the bus anyway</li>
  
<li>MG suggests we put out an announcement asking if anyone intends to use it</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>FOSDEM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Reminder: Grants</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Cross Platform Objective C Workshop</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Find a date that works for him</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bad Film Collab (hackers)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Ask Bad Film if they are on board with Hackers</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>SA reports bad film will look into it</li>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Hookers Collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Reach out to hookers</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>
  
<li>MW reports they have not replied</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Breast Cancer Awareness collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG suggests we don’t run it but we do promote it</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: respond that we are happy to promote but not run (Instagram dm)</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>NQ64</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW suggests either Friday 14th November or Friday 28th November</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>General agreement on Friday 28th</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Send pre-prepared RA</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>SloLAN</strong></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>No updates</li> 
</ul>

<li>AB reports that we are waiting for the rates to drop</li>

<li>AB reports that he has contacted someone in the medtech industry who may be able to put us in contact with some companies</li>

<li>MW reports we should start looking for Hackathon sponsors (March)</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £2,474.59</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,447.51</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Stickers</li>
 
<li>Ming Moon</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Write Black History Month post</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action cancelled</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SB: Write Diwali post</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>New emoji competition</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Compile list of lesser-used emojis</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Ban Amrit from the kitchen</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Add an emoji to the Announcements channel name</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports it has an icon of a megaphone already</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Respond</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS gets Boba</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports there is a society for this</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Respond</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Holographic TeX sticker for completing the TeX sticker collection</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG and MW like the idea</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION JA: Respond</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Thigh Highs</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Research thigh highs</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Maddy’s ideas:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Combined PGT & PGR Mixer</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW likes the idea</li>
  
<li>JA is a big cheese and wine enjoyer</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MG also in agreement</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Frequent Weekly Events</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW suggests a weekly quiz could be too much work and dilute other quizzes</li>
  
<li>MG suggests maybe more pub trips (Bratby?)</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Advent of Code (Christmas Challenge)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG reports we already a leaderboard on AoC and give the best people mugs</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Relaxed Social Events</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG reports that Film Night and SloLAN are already in the pipeline</li>
  
<li>MW suggests we could do bouldering again</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Member Feedback</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports that we have tried feedback forms but engagement isn’t great</li>
  
<li>MW suggests that polls for what drinks people want is definitely something we should start doing</li>
  
<li>MW also suggests a poll on Ball before or after Easter</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Advertisement around the schools building/Instagram</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG suggests putting some pictures on Instagram after events</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Put weekly roundups on Instagram</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   18:10 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   19:15 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 5 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>