</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes approved</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action TL: Find drive transfer script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Complete SGF for ‘deposit’</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>EGM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Do a poll for a new meeting time</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li><a href="https://lettucemeet.com/l/PEajA">https://lettucemeet.com/l/PEajA</a></li>
  
<li>MW reports that voting site issues have been resolved</li>
  
<li>Handover:</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW reports that drive and calendar access is complete</li>
   
<li>Discord access will be given when minutes are approved</li>
   
<li><strong>ACTION New Committee: Reach out to previous role holders if possible</strong></li>
   
<li><strong>ACTION New Committee: Complete canvas training</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>Halloween Quiz - Thursday 30th October</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports that it went well - 100 or so attendees</li>
 
<li>Pizza:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports that we barely had enough pizza possibly because of people sneaking in</li>
  
<li>ML asks if there’s any better way to do this </li>
  
<li>MG reports we used raffle tickets for the Hackathon</li>
  
<li>MW suggests member only pizza</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MG thinks that people would be angry but it could be an idea</li>
   
<li>AW reports that many members only buy membership when big events are</li>
   
<li>ML reports the sport socs often sell memberships mainly at the start of the year</li>
   
<li>AB suggests we use discord to check who is a member</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>OB reports the guild may not like this</li>    
</ul>
   
<li>MG suggests seconds be members only</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>JA reports that it was nice</li>
 
<li>AW enjoyed the cheese vs service station</li>
 
<li>ML reported that it can be quite intimidating for people who don’t know many people going</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>ML suggests an individual sign up so they can be made into groups</li>
  
<li>FT reports that a number of people asked at the front about joining and finding teams</li>
  
<li>SA suggests recruitment posters</li>
  
<li>MG suggests a table for individuals and pairs</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW reports that expenses are in progress</li>
 
<li>ML reports that it would have been better if we were able to shorten the breaks due to marking</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Break</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG, EW, MW potentials</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Christmas Meal - Thursday 4th December</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports budget approved, tickets tomorrow</li>
 
<li>MW has put some info on the guild page</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Do publicity for tomorrow</strong></li>
 
<li>Attendees: plenty</li>
 
<li>ML asks if the set menu may mean that people who are more picky may not want to come</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>League Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>EW reports that publicity should go out on the 6th November</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Make League publicity</strong></li>
 
<li>Prizes:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>EW reports we will be buying cleaning products</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bar Crawl (January)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT’s plan:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>19:00-20:30: Flight Club</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>£9pp for darts</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>ML reports there is a limit on the number that can do darts</li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Booking £12pp</li>
   
<li>They have food</li>
   
<li>FT reports they get very busy on a Saturday and the crowd is middle aged</li>
   
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Confirm if there is a booking fee</strong></li>   
</ul>
  
<li>20:30-21:00: Katie O’briens</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Unsure on booking costs</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>21:20-22:00: The Brasshouse</li>
  
<li>22:00-23:00: Felsons</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Online only allows up to 10 for online bookings</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ticket request</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Carried Forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Buy Pterobyte stickers</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Cancelled</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MG suggests we do a test crawl</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>OSM Mapathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Thursday 27th November</li>
 
<li>MW reports RA is submitted</li>
 
<li>MG suggests no pizza</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bletchley Park - Saturday 28th February</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Book coach</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li>We have a quote</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW reports that Bletchley say max 80 people</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>FOSDEM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Reminder: Grants</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Cross Platform Objective C Workshop</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Find a date that works for him</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bad Film Collab (hackers)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SA will speak to them again on Thursday</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Hookers Collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports they have not replied</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Breast Cancer Awareness collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: respond that we are happy to promote but not run (Instagram dm)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>NQ64 - Friday 28th November</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Send pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>AW asks if we are doing a walking train</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW suggests we should</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Make a poll for who will be coming</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>SloLAN</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Week 1 Sem 2</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Reach out to VGS</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Reach out to VRSoc</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Reach out to E-Sports</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION TL: Make guild activity and submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Catering form</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Board Games Night 2</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Week 4 Sem 2</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Make guild activity and submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Catering form</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li>

<li>No updates</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £2,860.44</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £2055.24</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Ming Moon</li>
 
<li>Halloween Quiz Drinks + Pizzas</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW suggests we leave the unclaimed ones for now</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li>There is a £210 discrepancy currently</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>SA reports there are no upcoming events</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>New emoji competition</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Compile list of lesser-used emojis</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Ban Amrit from the kitchen</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Add an emoji to the Announcements channel name</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS gets Boba</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Holographic TeX sticker for completing the TeX sticker collection</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION JA: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Change the starboard reaction emoji to pregnant man emoji</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Say no</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Thigh Highs</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Research thigh highs</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Maddy’s ideas:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Combined PGT & PGR Mixer</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>JA and ML have had a discussion on this</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Frequent Weekly Events</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Advent of Code (Christmas Challenge)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG reports it will only be 12 days this year</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Relaxed Social Events</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>ML suggests we do ice skating</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Investigate prices and booking</strong></li>   
</ul>
  
<li>AW suggests christmas market trip</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Member Feedback</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Do poll on whether to have the ball before or after Easter</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MG suggests we add a warning saying the poll is not binding</li>
   
<li>Exams start 2 weeks after the end of Easter</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Advertisement around the schools building/Instagram</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Put weekly roundups on Instagram</strong></li>
  
<li>MW reports Christmas Meal save the date on Instagram</li>
  
<li>ML suggests we make use of the CS atrium TV</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Talk to Jack</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   18:05 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   19:07 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 2 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>