<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Tuesday 8th April
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>17:00 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Holly Packer (charing), Leonardo Bishop (minuting), Adi Agarwal, Fearne Townsend, George Barrell, Jhundon Mendi, Mahima Gupta, Matty Widdop, Oli Baker, Sumeet Brar, Toby Landells, Marcus Gustafsson, Sabrina Ahmad, Evie Wilson, Amrit Bhogal, Matt Norton
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Apologies received from Joe Adams, bluka</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>HP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes unanimously adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Member role colour poll</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP asked how we should run this poll</li>
 
<li><strong>Action MW: Do whatever he said after Easter</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Incoming Committee Welcome
<ul>

<li>HP welcomed new members to the committee</li>

<li>New cmt now realise they have made a grave mistake</li>

<li><strong>Action new members: Do Guild training</strong></li>

<li><strong>Action new members: Write Committee bio</strong></li>

<li><strong>Action EW: Do yours from last year</strong></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Annual General Meeting</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action LB: Write last publicity</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action completed</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>HP reports the Guild have approved the minutes</li>
 
<li><strong>Action AA: Submit pizza expenses</strong></li>
 
<li>EW and SA were very disappointed the SCRUM MASTER motion did not pass</li>
 
<li>AA thought it was way too long</li>
 
<li>MW believes there’s not much that can be done, other than the Q&A being more strict</li>
 
<li>General consensus was pizza was well timed</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Ball 2025</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action LB: Write email to attendees</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action completed</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Action MW: Buy some shit</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action completed</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Action everyone: Help on Thursday</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action completed</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>OB pointed out that songs during dinner could not be heard over the general chatter</li>
 
<li>MW mentioned Matt refused to play some songs</li>
 
<li>AA: “Transitions were absolutely scuffed”, suggested looking for another DJ next year</li>
 
<li>SB offered his dad as tribute</li>
 
<li>AA also brought up the bar prices</li>
 
<li>SB asked if there were venues which allowed ‘bring your own drinks’</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW replied this is hard to find due to licencing restrictions</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>SB’s dad thought the entrance to the venue was boring</li>
 
<li>MW reports hearing good feedback on food</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>EPS Trophy</strong> (formerly Sports Day)</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SB reports no update</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports the Guild have no update for us, but will go in-person at some point to try and gain approval</li>
 
<li>MW adds that Todd has approved the use of CS fridges</li>
 
<li>HP asked if there is anything we can do in the meantime</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW: “No”</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW asked if we want to do a fundraiser again</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>SB suggested asking the School for random shit </li>
  
<li><strong>Action MW: Create poll for charity</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>Action SA: Do fundraising form</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>There was some discussion on whether the date should be moved, but it remains unchanged</li>
 
<li>SB suggested a pub night after all exams for the people who can’t make the BBQ</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>It was decided for the Friday after</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li>HP asked if we should do another Winterbourne trip</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Consensus is yes for Wednesday 7th</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>MG reports replying to The Trade Desk about their event idea</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £8,939.27</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £2,227.86 </strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SoCS Budget (2750)</li>
 
<li>Final straggling ball tickets</li>
 
<li>Ball grant money</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Ball shit</li>
 
<li>AGM pizza</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Grants</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action MW: Email to get ball grant transferred</strong></li>
 
<li>Sem 3 Ideas:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>birmingHack</li>
  
<li>BBQ</li>
  
<li>SB: “A sporting event that we’ll totally do”</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT reports the total material cost is £226, £4.52 per plushie</li>
 
<li>FT reports nearly dying</li>
 
<li><strong>Action MW: Come up with a compensation amount</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>SA: “Ding dong the witch is dead”</li>

<li>SA reported they’ve extended the accessibility checklist</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Rename RON to TeX</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>No :(</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Ban any mentions of word counts in all channels	</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>No</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Ensure that if PDFs are being posted, it is available in an accessible format</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG has volunteered to do this, and is going to figure out how </li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>Fortnite mentioned</li>

<li>MN requested a later meeting start time of 17:30</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>17:05 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>18:22 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>1 hour and 17 minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>
