<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Zoom
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Monday 13th October
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>18:00 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (Minuting), Toby Landells (TL), Oli Baker (OB), Jhundon Mendi (JM), Evie Wilson (EW), Fearne Townsend (FT), Mahima Gupta (M)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Amrit</li>

<li>Sabrina</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action TL: Find drive transfer script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action in progress</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Valyfy</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Contact guild</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Put training on SGF</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION CARRIED FORWARDS</strong></li>
  
<li>CBA</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Complete SGF for ‘deposit’</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Break</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Submit RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action cancelled</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Halloween Quiz - Thursday 30th October</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Get baby pictures</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
  
<li>Will set up poll</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW reports stickers have arrived</li>
 
<li>MW reports we have 17 beers and 90 Kopparbergs</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Buy alcohol</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: 2 week publicity for Thursday, delegate if necessary</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Poll for costume judges</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>EGM - Wednesday 22nd October</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>First year rep, PGT rep, PGR rep, Hackathons officer</li>
 
<li>MW reports we have 4 first year candidates and 1 for every other role</li>
 
<li>Auth code is pinned in the EGM committee channel</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION V: Email guild to step down as interim first year</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Publicity</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Christmas Meal - Thursday 4th December</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW has emailed to check if we can still do 2 courses</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>The physical menu does not have 2 courses</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW proposes £5-10 subsidy</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>TBC when confirmed prices are received</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>League Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Mid to late November</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Week commencing 17th</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Online</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Create Team VCs and Online Gaming category</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Create sign-up form</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Option for individuals and teams</li>
  
<li>Rank balancing as yet undetermined</li>
  
<li>Release in a couple weeks</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>EW has obtained VGS and E-Sports participation</li>
 
<li>TL reports we may not be able to SwiftPlay</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bar Crawl</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Provisionally Saturday 15th November</li>
 
<li>FT’s plan:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>19:00-20:30: Flight Club</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>£9pp for darts</li>
   
<li>Booking £12pp</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>20:30-21:00: Katie O’briens</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Unsure on booking costs</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>21:20-22:00: The Brasshouse</li>
  
<li>22:00-23:00: Felsons</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Online only allows up to 10 for online bookings</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: RA and ticket request</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Buy Pterobyte stickers</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>OSM Mapathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Thursday 27th November</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Redirect Hastings Direct to Amrit</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £2,474.59</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,447.51</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Stickers</li>
 
<li>Ming Moon</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION JM: Contact people who have not collected tex plush</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>
   
<li>JM reports no replies as yet from the 4 who have not collected</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Write Black History Month post</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>New emoji competition</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Compile list of lesser-used emojis</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>New tex sticker for the hackathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask Kate for a design</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>
  
<li>Kate said she would start drafting in January</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Quarter Zips??????</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Makes it harder to get a bulk discount</li>
 
<li>MG suggests no</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Say no</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   18:09 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   18:51 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   0 Hours 42 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>