<pre class="prettyprint">CSS EGM - Minutes</pre>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>Old Engineering Y3 - G34 (<em>in-person)  </em>&  Zoom (<em>online</em>)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Wednesday 22nd October 2025
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>13:00 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (<em>Chairing</em>), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (<em>Minuting</em>)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Apologies received from Amrit Bhogal</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of April 2025 AGM Minutes
<ul>

<li>Unanimous adoption of previous minutes.</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li>There were no matters arising.</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Chair’s Report
<ul>

<li>MW showed the current status regarding memberships</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports we have the second most to date</li> 
</ul>

<li>MW went over the events so far this year</li>

<li>MW reviewed upcoming future events</li>

<li>MW provided an early preview of the pub crawl and Christmas Meal</li>

<li>MW thanked committee and our members</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Treasurer’s Report
<ul>

<li>Most recent statement balance: £2474.59</li>

<li>Actual Working Balance: £1423.36</li>

<li>Pending outgoings:</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Ming Moon</li>
 
<li>Break;</li> 
</ul>

<li>Pending Incomings:</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships!!</li> 
</ul>

<li>Total Memberships so far: 329</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Membership cost: £5 (with VAT)</li>
 
<li>Actual income per membership: £4.17</li>
 
<li>Total income so far: £1,371.93</li> 
</ul>

<li>Pizzas bought so far: £325.25</li>

<li>MW explained what events we are considering subsidising</li>

<li>MW explained our financial relationship with SoCS</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>6
   </td>
   <td>Changes and Amendments to the Constitution
<ul>

<li>No amendments were submitted for consideration ahead of time.</li>

<li>MW asked the floor if there anybody had any amendments to propose. None were raised.</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Election of New Committee Members
<ul>

<li>MW invited everybody to register to vote and explained the Instant Run-off Voting system.</li>

<li>First Year Rep</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Candidates standing in advance: Zhaniya Kalimova, Albert Waldron, Mohammad Uppal, Ali Mammadov</li>
 
<li>Albert Waldron:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Albert introduced themselves as a first year</li>
  
<li>They described their experience</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>They were a senior prefect</li>
   
<li>They ran multiple societies</li>
   
<li>They won a Splatoon commentating competition</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>They described their ideas:</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>They suggested there should be more pub socials</li>
   
<li>They suggested running friendly debates and open mic nights</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>Questions:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Albert had any plans for the League tournament</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert did not know much about League of legends but thought it would be fun</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>SB asked about the best pub</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert ranked a number of the Selly Oak pubs and bars</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>SA asked Albert if they would support a fridge to fridge</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert was in support</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT asked if they were volunteering for it</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert was</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked Albert about their favourite pub in the world</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert said their local was their favourite</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>Zhaniya Kalimova, Albert Waldron, Mohammad Uppal, Ali Mammadov did not attend the meeting, nor did they nominate a proxy to speak on their behalf.</li>
 
<li>No candidates stood from the floor</li>
 
<li>Results</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Round 1</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Re-open nominations (RON): 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Zhaniya Kalimova: 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Albert Waldron: 15 votes</li>
   
<li>Mohammad Uppal: 1 votes</li>
   
<li>Ali Mammadov: 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Ali Mammadov</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 2</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Re-open nominations (RON): 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Zhaniya Kalimova: 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Albert Waldron: 15 votes</li>
   
<li>Mohammad Uppal: 1 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Zhaniya Kalimova</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 3</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Re-open nominations (RON): 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Albert Waldron: 15 votes</li>
   
<li>Mohammad Uppal: 1 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Re-open nominations (RON)</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 4</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert Waldron: 15 votes</li>
   
<li>Mohammad Uppal: 1 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Mohammad Uppal</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 5</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Albert Waldron: 16 votes</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Albert Waldron is duly elected as First Year Rep.</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li>Post Graduate (Taught) Rep</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Candidates standing in advance: Maddy Lardner</li>
 
<li>Maddy Lardner:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Maddy described their previous experience:</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>They have organised large events such as balls and sporting events</li>
   
<li>They have experiencing working with Student Unions</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Maddy recognised that it can be hard to reach out to PGTs</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>They said they would work on involving them better by listening to their feedback</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>No candidates stood from the floor.</li>
 
<li>Questions</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>FT asked if any events from Lancaster could be replicated here</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Maddy replied that sport events, especially for women could be added</li>
   
<li>Maddy also suggested that art/craft events could be introduced to cater to a wider audience</li>
   
<li>Maddy also suggested adding some more day time events</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>SA asked how Maddy would support our upcoming collaboration with Hookers and Stitches</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Maddy suggested this could introduce people outside of the CS department to CSS</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Joseph Adams asked how Maddy would reach out to older PGTs</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Maddy suggested using posters and communication from the Guild and ESO to reach out to people who use different forms of communication than our regular ones.</li>
   
<li>Maddy also suggested creating group chats on alternative platforms Discord</li>
   
<li>Maddy also said that we could utilise the Instagram more</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Maddy had played League of Legends</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Maddy said they have played it but was not a huge fan but was supportive of the upcoming League tournament and suggested that doing alternative tournaments in the future with different games would widen our audience more</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>Results</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Round 1</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Re-open nominations (RON): 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Maddy Lardner: 17 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Re-open nominations (RON)</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 2</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Maddy Lardner: 17 votes</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Maddy Lardner is duly elected as Post Graduate (Taught) Rep.</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li>Post Graduate (Research) Rep</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Candidates standing in advance: Joseph Adams</li>
 
<li>Joseph Adams (Joe)</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Joe described their experience of being PGR rep last year</li>
  
<li>Joe described their familiarity and connection to the other PGRs and how this might help PGRs feel more comfortable attending events</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Questions:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Joe played League of Legends</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Joe said that they don’t</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT asked what kind of events PGRs might want to attend</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Joe responded that quizzes were a good event to introduce them to CSS</li>
   
<li>Joe also mentioned the big events such as the ball as they can be a good break from PGR work</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Joe would like a burns night quiz</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Joe said they had talked about burns night to some of the PGRs</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>No candidates stood from the floor</li>
 
<li>Results</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Round 1</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Re-open nominations (RON): 0 votes</li>
   
<li>Joseph Adams: 16 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Re-open nominations (RON)</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 2</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Joseph Adams: 16 votes</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Joseph Adams is duly elected as Post Graduate (Research) Rep.</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li>Hackathons Officer</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Candidates standing in advance: Deji</li>
 
<li>Deji</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Deji described the various roles they had had at school including a variety of rep positions</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Questions</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>ML asked how sponsorship could be obtained</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji said they would compile a list of companies</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked if the food would be better this year</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji suggested there would be pizza and asked if EW would enjoy McDonalds breakfast</li>
   
<li>EW reported they would not</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>SA asked how Deji would make Birminghack better than last year</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji said they weren’t sure</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Deji would be happy to open the Hackathon to externals if possible</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji said they would be comfortable with it</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Deji played League of Legends</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji said they hadn’t</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT asked if Deji had done a Hackathon before</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji said they hadn’t</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>EW asked if Deji had any ideas for events within the Hackathon</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji said a clown would be fun</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>No candidates stood from the floor.</li>
 
<li>Results</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Round 1</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Re-open nominations (RON): 2 votes</li>
   
<li>Deji: 13 votes</li>
   
<li>Eliminated Re-open nominations (RON)</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Round 2</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Deji: 14 votes</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Deji is duly elected as Hackathons Officer.</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>8
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business
<ul>

<li>MW thanked attendees for coming.</li>

<li>The meeting was closed at 14:05.</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>13:05 GMT
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>14:05 GMT
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>1 hour
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Approved
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Approved (by Guild)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
Voting for elections and amendments took place on CSS’ voting platform, available online at <a href="https://vote.cssbham.com">vote.cssbham.com</a>. This voting platform is open source and publicly auditable. Votes were cast using the instant run-off voting system, in line with policy described in the constitution. 
</p>