<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Friday 22nd August
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>17:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (Minuting), Oli Baker (OB), Rohit Jose (RJ), Sabrina Ahmad (SA), Toby Landells (TL), Jhundon Mendi (JM), Evie Wilson (EW), Matt Norton (MN), Amrit Bhogal (AB)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Sumeet</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Agenda / Minutes format feedback</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Start work on allowing accessible minute/agenda uploads</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action provisionally complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Add minutes</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Write Committee bio</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Github details can be sent in handover</li>
 
<li>MW encourages everyone to do Bios, we are missing 3 or 4</li>
 
<li>MN suggests that if they are not complete before welcome week, we should merge anyway</li>
 
<li>Feel free to send over your bio if you aren’t able to use github</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Handovers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW hopes they are all done</li>
 
<li>Feel free to put any questions in committee general</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>ACTION OLD COMMITTEE: Transfer anything on the drive to the css account</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Not done but too late</li>
 
<li>MW will dig out old script “at some point”</li>
 
<li>MN suggests putting the script on GitHub</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Follow up early June to organise a meeting with MLH</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Carried Forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION: Put training on SGF</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards (EW and SA)</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week/First Week:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Board Games Night: Monday 22nd September</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Email school (Todd + Tom) to buy drinks and ask about checking IDs</strong></li>
  
<li>MN asks if Todd will need to check IDs</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW says that he thought the drink policy changed</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Scavenger Hunt: Tuesday 23rd and Wednesday 24th September</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon: Friday 26th September</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action FT: Book Ming Moon </strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Mixers (Week 1):</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>First Year</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>Final Year (cancelled)</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>PGT</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>MN suggests we check when reps are available for first year/PGT</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Socs Night: Monday 29th September</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>AFNOM Installfest</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Pub Night: Friday 3rd October</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Book Soak</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Online Quiz</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG reports publicity and questions written</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Redirect Hastings Direct to Amrit</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li>AB reports no definites yet</li>

<li>AB has spoken to Holly vis-a-vis Trade Desk</li>

<li>AB reports that company open houses are very popular</li>

<li>AB has spoken to some Uni staff to gain contacts</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £3,064.18</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,738.87</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>BBQ Shit</li>
 
<li>T-Shirts</li>
 
<li>Domains</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Check we definitely have 2</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>SA reports there is nothing to report</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>TeX Pokemon Card</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Look into getting cards</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Carried Forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>SA suggests gambling</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>No</li>
  
<li>Everyone will get every card when they buy it</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Putt Party Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Start planning and pick a day</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Carried Forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Free Mammond</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Goes Gambling</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Write a response</strong></li>
 
<li>Reminder for future: Poker Bot</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>KPop Demon Hunters Movie Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Possible in the future, think about it in Autumn</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Respond to self</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>TeX-Bot Updates</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW cannot remember precisely what this was for</li>
 
<li>MW reminds that everyone can induct people</li>
 
<li>If anyone wants to know how something works or contributes, send a message to MN or MW</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>M365 Updates</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Everyone should have received an email containing an email address for their new inbox</li>
 
<li>It should also contain the main CSS inbox</li>
 
<li>On mobile, add a shared mailbox with the plus</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   17:35 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   18:49 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 14 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>