<style>
table, th, td {
  border: 1px solid black;
  border-collapse: collapse;
}
</style>
<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Friday 23rd May
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>17:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Holly (HP) (Minuting),  Leonardo Bishop (LB), Fearne Townsend (FT), Oli Baker (OB), Adi Agarwal (AA), Jhundon Mendi (JM), Toby Landell (TL), George Barrell (GB), Sumeet Brar (SB), Rohit Jose (RJ)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Apologies received from Leo, Marcus, Joe, Matt, Sabrina, Amrit, Evie</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>HP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Member role colour poll</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>All agreed to make all seven options available</li>
 
<li>MW states they are available and seems to be going well</li>
 
<li>MW also states that there are plenty of people choosing new colours</li>
 
<li>MW asks if we should ping non-members too</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP doesn‚Äôt think this is necessary</li>
  
<li>SB thinks we can add it to another announcement</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Action JA: Write a short reminder announcement</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>
 
<li>We forgot what this was for temporarily</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Agenda / Minutes format feedback</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW states there was no message feedback provided</li>
 
<li>HP is writing a message</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX-Bot Discord User Handling</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Whenever we store a Discord ID, the ID is hashed</li>
 
<li>Student IDs will remain hashed</li>
 
<li>If we stop hashing Discord IDs, we can easily trace back who is striked</li>
 
<li>MW has asked if there are any objections to no longer hashing Discord IDs</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>LB does not care</li>
  
<li>HP says Discord may expect us to hash Discord IDs</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW couldn‚Äôt find a source and HP thinks that is long ago</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>No objections</li>
  
<li>MW will proceed with that with MN‚Äôs support</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Incoming Committee Welcome
<ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Do Guild training</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW presumes everyone‚Äôs skimmed through it</li>
 
<li>Deadline is the 12th</li>
 
<li>MW asks everyone to look into that soon if they have not finished</li>
 
<li>R.e.: GDPR: have to submit a ticket to iHasco now, MW asks elect to do that soon if they need to</li>
 
<li>HP asks elect to let them know once they‚Äôve completed training so it can be tracked</li>
 
<li>MW also touches on individual handovers, asking for existing committee to do them if not done yet</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Write Committee bio</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Less urgent than training, but MW asks for people to do this too</li>
 
<li>MW says to ask if anyone needs a hand with setting up bios</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Handovers:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>GDPR update</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>We went over this earlier</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MLH has emailed us about meeting r.e. birminghack</li>
 
<li>LB says they do want to meet with us</li>
 
<li>It‚Äôll be a post-exam thing</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Follow up early June to organise a meeting with MLH</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>EPS Trophy</strong> (formerly Sports Day)</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>There is progress! - SB</li>
 
<li>SB asks committee who want to be added to send their numbers to the organisational chat</li>
 
<li>SB says they will be doing a round-robin tournament</li>
 
<li>8 societies including MechSoc, Chemical Engineering, MathSoc, etc.</li>
 
<li>The chat needs societies booking things</li>
 
<li>Equipment is in place</li>
 
<li>The EPS trophy exists!</li>
 
<li>MW asks how involved we will be</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>SB says we‚Äôll still have to provide monetary support, potentially up to ¬£100</li>
  
<li>MW says we can contribute ¬£200 max</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>HP asks who will be responsible for RA stuff</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>SB says Engineering/MechSoc/CivSoc/one of the engineering socs will be responsible</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>SB proceeds to vanish</li>
 
<li>Bye SB</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action SA: Do fundraising form</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Completed</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>

<p id="gdcalert1" ><span style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>>  gd2md-html alert: inline image link here (to images/image1.png). Store image on your image server and adjust path/filename/extension if necessary. </span><br>(<a href="#">Back to top</a>)(<a href="#gdcalert2">Next alert</a>)<br><span style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>> </span></p>


<img src="images/image1.png" width="" alt="alt_text" title="image_tooltip">
</li>
 
<li>Crazy turn of events</li>
 
<li>BBQ is back üéâ</li>
 
<li>Habiba sent us an email saying we can hold it on the Guild Lawn????</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW wonders if the university had some sway to get us off the Green Heart</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Habiba has apparently said we can still use our own BBQs or at least implied it</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW has asked to clarify that in a follow-up email</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Next steps - checking BBQ state</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW thinks we have 1, HP thinks we have 2 but one is fucked</li>
  
<li>MW would prefer to have a charcoal BBQ if we need to get more</li>
  
<li>LB thinks there is 1 in the cupboard and that is the rubbish one</li>
  
<li>MW thinks we can buy two and keep them in good condition</li>
  
<li>LB says we may not have the space for a decent BBQ in the cupboard</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Search for BBQs to buy</strong></li>
  
<li>HP asks if we can use our grant for the BBQ buying</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW will have to check since he thinks he phrased it for rentals</li>
   
<li>LB asks about disposables</li>
   
<li><strong>Action MW: Ask Habiba if we can use disposable BBQs</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>We have been told to not use venue storage</li>
 
<li>First Aid Kit must be made available</li>
 
<li>MW thinks we need to buy a First Aid Kit</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP thinks we can get a good one at Boots</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Habiba also says we should have a bucket of ice available</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>FT asks what if the ice keeps melting</li>
  
<li>MW says there is an ice machine we can steal from</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>HP prays we don‚Äôt get it cancelled at 4:50pm Thursday 29th</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW provides context on this happening last year</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>HP brings up raffle stuff</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW says he wasn‚Äôt sure if the raffle was approved</li>
  
<li>HP suggests we check for the raffle book</li>
  
<li>MW asks if someone is free to check for it</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION GB: Check if the raffle book is there</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW mentions publicity for the newly confirmed location</li>
 
<li>MW drafts LB but LB drafts RJ</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>‚ÄúLook at that plague doctor mask, he looks like he really wants to do it‚Äù - LB</li>
  
<li>RJ agrees</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: New publicity for the BBQ</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW highlights allergens importance and food quality requirements (sealed and in date)</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>Pub Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Projected for 6th June</li>
 
<li>MW has said FT has done publicity for this and asked for committee to check it</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION GB and FT: Contact Soak for 40 people</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Complete</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Start sorting Pterobyte stickers</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>I forgor</li>
  
<li>Action carried forwards</li>
  
<li>MW says the design should be saved in Stickermule</li>
  
<li>HP asks how many stickers</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW says go for 100 for ¬£60, also allows for extras</li>
   
<li>No more than 100</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MW suggests amending publicity to hint at the inclusion of stickers</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT suggests the special reward being 5 million beers instead of stickers</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>FT asked if people would majorly want drinks or also plan on eating in</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW thinks the majority will be drinking with some ordering food</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>The Trade Desk</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP knows Patricia responded to MG‚Äôs email and nothing else</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>ARM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Chase Vishwas</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>
  
<li>Done right before the meeting so no response yet</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: ¬£142.44</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: ¬£1,588.87 </strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SoCS Budget (2750)</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>BBQ shit maybe??</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Looking more likely now innit</li>
  
<li>Hopefully not as much as the original rental price</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>46 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>4 remaining(?)</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>HP reports the next calendar events are May Day and Mental Health Awareness Week</li>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Prepare announcements (Optional)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action Cancelled</strong></li>
 
<li>MW notes Mental Health Awareness week was last week</li> 
</ul>

<li>MW says the Guild is no longer going to Birmingham Pride because of a certain company doing certain things I wonder which one hmmm</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Ban AI Arguments</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>General consensus is to not ban outright</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>We can‚Äôt do that anyways</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Majority agree to stick them into a thread or certain channel (e.g. serious-talk)</li>
 
<li>HP says that all it takes is for someone to post a GPT screenshot for things to kick off</li>
 
<li>MW thinks moving to serious-talk works best</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP agrees</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW asks for any objections</li>
 
<li><strong>Action MW: Respond to the suggestion</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Committee Social</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW asks if any date has been chosen</li>
 
<li>HP says the decided date seems to be the 8th of June between 3pm and 9pm</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP says it is not a 6 hour bowling session</li>
  
<li>MW seems to challenge that statement</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW suggests 6pm</li>
 
<li>HP says they‚Äôll gauge availability for that time and date then pre-book</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td> 17:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td> 18:13 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td> 43 minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>
