---
layout: post
title: "Freshers Week 2019 and the Semester ahead"
permalink: /newsletter/:title
thumbnail: /logo.png
header-image: /assets/header-images/green-heart.jpg
---

**Welcome to all of the new members and returning members**

It's September and the new adacemic year is about to start. That means only one thing: Freshers' Week and it's less than two weeks away!

We've got lots of fun things planned for everyone who is coming to the uni for the first time, and also everyone who is returning too.

## Freshers' Week Events

We encourage everyone to come to as many events as you can: it's a great way to meet your fellow course-mates and make some new friends. All of our events are inclusive and open to absolutely everyone no matter who you are! Below is a list of all of the events we have planned for you in the first few weeks of the semester. Also, incase you haven't seen it yet, we've updated our website (see below) and you can find the new [calendar page](https://cssbham.com/calendar) where you can see all of the events at any time.

| Date                           | Event               | 
|--------------------------------|---------------------|
| Wed 25<sup>th</sup> Sept       | Ming Moon Lunch     |
| Fri 27<sup>th</sup> Sept       | Pub Night           |
| Wed 2<sup>nd</sup> Oct         | Welcome Talks       |
| Wed 9<sup>th</sup> Oct         | EPS Societies' Fair |
| Sat 12<sup>th</sup> Oct        | MLH Local Hack Day  |
| Wed 16<sup>th</sup> Oct        | Linux InstallFest   |
| Thur 17<sup>th</sup> Oct       | Tech Talk           |
| Sat-Sun 26-27<sup>th</sup> Oct | HackTheMidlands 4.0 |

### Ming Moon Lunch

This our first main event! You may have been wondering what "Computer Science Society Social" is in your Welcome Week calendar, well this is it. We invite you to join us to Ming Moon, a Chinese buffer restaurant in the centre of Birmingham. This is the perfect time to get to know your coursemates and meet some great friends, all while having a nice buffet lunch. This event is open to all students in CS, not just Freshers!

We're offering two different tickets: with and without transport there. If you would rather us sort the transport for you (a train from University station to Birmingham New Street), then you can purchase the ticket with transport. We will update you soon about how you can pay - keep an eye on the Facebook event and our social media.

If you don't know how to get there, we will walk together to the train station and then to Ming Moon, departing the Computer Science building at 12:30, arriving at the restaurant by 13:00.

Time and Date: Wednesday 25<sup>th</sup>sup> September, 13:00

Location: Ming Moon Restaurant, 8 Wrottesley St, Birmingham B5 4RT

Facebook Event: [link](https://www.facebook.com/events/2503094343110792/)

### Pub Night

This is our first big pub night of the year! We've booked the function room in the Bristol Pear just for you! Join us for a drink and get to know your coursemates. Whether you're a fresher or not, come to the Pear for a great night!

Time and Date: Friday 27<sup>th</sup> September, 18:30

Location: (Upstairs in the) Bristol Pear, 676 Bristol Rd, Birmingham B29 6BJ

Facebook Event: [link](https://www.facebook.com/events/416995638948699/)

### Welcome Talks

If you've been wondering what you can do with Computer Science Society, we'll introduce you. We will be telling you what events we will be holding throughut the year and what you can expect to be doing. You can also find out about things like hackathons and more about the local tech industry in Birmingham.

Time and Date: Wednesday 2<sup>nd</sup> October, 15:00

Location: TBC - keep an eye on the Facebook Event and our social media.

Facebook Event: [link coming soon]()

### EPS Societies' Fair

We will be having a stand at the EPS Societies' Fair. Come and sya hi to us and have a chat to other societies to find out more about the great things you can get involved with while studyng at the university. EPS is the College of Engineering and Physical Sciences, of which the School of Computer Science is a part of. 

Time and Date: Wednesday 9<sup>th</sup> October, 9:00 - 14:00

Location: Chancellor's Court (Aston Webb Semi-circle)

### MLH Local Hack Day

Get a mini-taster into the world of hackathons! This year, MLH (Major League Hacking) is running it slightly differently. The first of the days we are running is "Learn", during which we are going to run some workshops during which you can learn some new skills. Follow our social channels and keep an eye out for further updates. 

This event is run in coperation with Aston Computer Science Society at Aston Univeristy, and Hackathon and Computing Society at Birmingham City Univeristy.

Find out more [here](https://localhackday.mlh.io/learn/).

Time and Date: Saturday 12<sup>th</sup> October

Location: TBC, University of Birmingham

### Linux InstallFest (with AFNOM)

We're working with AFNOM to bring you a Linux install workshop. Linux is the preferred operating system of many developers and mnay students aren't quite familair with this yet. This workshop is designed to help you become familiar with Linux and how to start using it. 

AFNOM is one of the EPS Societies, and you can find more out about them here: [link](https://afnom.net)

Time and Date: Wednesday 16<sup>th</sup> October

Location: TBC

### Tech Talk

This is our first Tech Talk of the year. Learn something new and we'll bring some free pizza for you. Follow our social channels and keep an eye out for further updates. 

Time and Date: Thursday 17<sup>th</sup> October

Location: TBC

### EGM

We'll be looking for a new First Year Rep and a new Postgraduate Taught Rep. If you've just joined us at the university and are interested in becoming part of the committee, then mark this date in your calendar!

Time and Date: Wednesday 23<sup>rd</sup> October

Location: TBC

### HackTheMidlands 4.0

HackTheMidlands is brought to you by one of our close partners. HTM 4.0 is an inclusive hackathon for absolutely everyone who is interested in tech. Whether you're a beginner or a professional, you can learn, build and share your ideas with other like minded people. Over the two days you can participate in workshops and win some awesome prizes. 

The event is **free** and you can get your tickets at [hackthemidlands.com](https://hackthemidlands.com) and you can find out more about hackathons from [MLH](https://mlh.io/college-administrator-hackathon-guide).

Time and Date: Saturday 26<sup>th</sup> October 9:00 - Sunday 27<sup>th</sup> October 17:00

Location: Millennium Point, Curzon Street, Birmingham, B4 7XG

Facebook Event: [link](https://www.facebook.com/events/629434650857932/)

## Become a Member

If you are interested in the events we run and would like to join the society to have access to all of the great events we run later in the year, then you can join through the Guild Of Students - our students' union at the university. 

You can join for only £5 for the year, and as a bonus you'll get a free tshirt! More info on how to collect your tshirt soon. If you aren't quite sure whether you want to join us, then come along to our events during the start of the semester. They're all open and incusive to everyone. 

Join here: [link](https://cssbham.com/join) 

We also invite you to follow us on all of our social media channels, where we will post updates about all of the most recent events. 

Twitter: [@cssbham](https://twitter.com/cssbham) 

Instagram: [@cssbham](https://instagram.com/cssbham)

Facebook: [CSSUoB](https://facebook.com/groups/CSSUoB)

LinkedIn: [cssbham](https://linkedin.com/company/cssbham)

## New Website

Over the summer, Jusin (our vice-president) has been hard at work reworking our website. He's added some great new features such as the [newsletters](https://cssbham.com/newsletter) you're reading now and a [calendar](https://cssbham.com/calendar) where you can find all of our events in one place. 

Have a read of wht Justin has to say about the website in his blog post [here](https://cssbham.com/newsletter/website-update). 

---

Thanks for reading.

Likkan 
*Publicity Rep*