<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Tuesday 11th November
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>18:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (Minuting), Fearne Townsend (FT), Joe Adams (JA), Albert Waldron (AW), Amrit Bhogal (AB), Maddy Lardner (ML), Toby Landells (TL), Deji (D)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Sumeet</li>

<li>Oli</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Movember</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports that Loughborough CS society was planning a Movember event</li>
 
<li>MW reports that event probably isn’t happening but wonders if we should</li>
 
<li>ML suggests that doing a single event is not as good as something month long</li>
 
<li>MW suggests an announcement</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>ML suggests doing something on the instagram, perhaps a collage of people’s signs supporting Movember</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>AW suggests that a fundraising idea could be people shaving their moustaches off at the end of the month if enough money is raised</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>AW thinks department members would be best but it is probably too late</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>UoB STAR</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports that UoB STAR suggested we run a session with them educating adult male asylum seekers on tech etc</li>
 
<li>MW suggests we don’t have time this semester but could be an idea for sem 2</li>
 
<li>D asks what exactly we would teach them</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW says the email suggested teaching basic IT skills</li>
  
<li>MG suggests showing basic internet skills would be a good area to focus on</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>ML asks if they would provide laptops etc</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports that the email does not say</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW suggests that it is probably out of our wheelhouse</li>
 
<li>AB suggests an event where members could sign up to help</li>
 
<li>AB asks if we could get more information</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG suggests we ask if they can provide tech</li>
  
<li>MW suggests we do a meeting</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION M: Invite UoB STAR to a meeting</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action TL: Find drive transfer script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
  
<li>TL reports there has been no trace so far</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Complete SGF for ‘deposit’</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>EGM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Handover:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION New Committee: Reach out to previous role holders if possible</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION New Committee: Complete canvas training</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>JA reports it has been completed</li>
   
<li>ML reports it is in progress</li>
   
<li>AW reports it has been completed</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Break</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>AB and TL are available, MG most likely is</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Christmas Meal - Thursday 4th December</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Do publicity for tomorrow</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW reports 62 food tickets have been sold plus 5 non-food</li>
 
<li>MW asks that anyone we know considering coming should be encouraged</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>League Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Make League publicity</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA/EW: Buy prizes</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bar Crawl (January)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT’s plan:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>19:00-20:30: Flight Club</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>£9pp for darts</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>ML reports there is a limit on the number that can do darts</li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Booking £12pp</li>
   
<li>They have food</li>
   
<li>FT reports they get very busy on a Saturday and the crowd is middle aged</li>
   
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Confirm if there is a booking fee</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
    
<li>FT reports there is a £110 fee if we no show</li>
    
<li>FT reports they don’t let us book for a specific time above 22 people</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
  
<li>20:30-21:00: Katie O’briens</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Unsure on booking costs</li>
   
<li>We aren’t guaranteed a table</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>21:20-22:00: The Brasshouse</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Booking fee info should be in the emails</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>22:00-23:00: Felsons</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Online only allows up to 10 for online bookings</li>
   
<li>FT suggests we could do multiple bookings</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ticket request</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
  
<li>MW suggests we charge just the cost of shirts</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>OSM Mapathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Complete 2 week publicity for Thursday</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bletchley Park - Saturday 28th February</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports tickets should go up in January</li>
 
<li>MW reports coach and entry have been sorted</li>
 
<li>MW reports ticket request has been drafted</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>FOSDEM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Reminder: Grants</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Cross Platform Objective C Workshop</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Find a date that works for him</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>AB suggests we postpone to Sem 2 so sponsorship can be focussed on</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bad Film Collab (hackers)</strong></li>

<li><strong>CSS Hookers Collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT reports they never read the message</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Breast Cancer Awareness collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: respond that we are happy to promote but not run (Instagram dm)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>NQ64 - Friday 28th November</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Make a poll for who will be coming</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li>9 people said they were coming</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>FT asks if we would be able to look after people on the bus for the walking train</li>
 
<li>MW suggests no walking train</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW suggests we do a guide on how to get there</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>JA reminds us to bring ear plugs</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>SloLAN</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Week 1 Sem 2</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Reach out to VGS</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li>VGS said yes</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Reach out to VRSoc</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Reach out to E-Sports</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li>No response yet</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION TL: Make guild activity and submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Catering form</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EVERYONE: Think of anti-pizza stealing techniques</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Ideas:</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Ask for memberships</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>FT suggests this wouldn’t work very well as not everyone is a member</li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Tickets</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>People may not get them</li>    
</ul>
   
<li><strong> </strong>Pizza tokens</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>FT suggests we make reusable tokens</li>
    
<li>ML reports that she has a laminator</li>
    
<li>ML suggests we do a nice design</li>
    
<li>FT suggests that we can use it to track the amount of people who have had pizza</li>
    
<li>MW suggests tokens are our best bet</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>

<li><strong>Board Games Night 2</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Week 4 Sem 2</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Make guild activity and submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Catering form</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>AB reports that they are available for the meeting</li> 
</ul>

<li>A new sponsorship doc has been put in the sponsorship channel</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>It has graphs</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EVERYONE: Review the new document</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £2,860.44</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £2055.24</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Ming Moon</li>
 
<li>Halloween Quiz Drinks + Pizzas</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Grants</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Focussing on Bletchley, FOSDEM and possible Ball and pizza</li>
 
<li>Send a message if you have grant ideas</li> 
</ul>

<li>There is a £210 discrepancy currently</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Do a Movember post</strong></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>New emoji competition</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Compile list of lesser-used emojis</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Ban Amrit from the kitchen</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Thigh Highs</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Research thigh highs</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Maddy’s ideas:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>More Relaxed Social Events</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>ML suggests we do ice skating</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Investigate prices and booking</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li>ML reports that the price depends on the day</li>     
<ul>
     
<li>It is around £10</li>     
</ul>
    
<li>MW suggests we run it week 10</li>     
<ul>
     
<li>FT suggests we avoid the weekend</li>
     
<li>Monday 1st December</li>
     
<li>MW predicts around 15-20 attendees</li>
     
<li>MW suggests tickets at cost</li>
     
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Find prices for that day</strong></li>     
</ul>
    
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Create activity</strong></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Member Feedback</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Do poll on whether to have the ball before or after Easter</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
   
<li>MW reports 57% for before, 43% after</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Advertisement around the schools building/Instagram</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Put weekly roundups on Instagram</strong></li>
  
<li>ML suggests we make use of the CS atrium TV</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Talk to Jack</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
    
<li>Nobody wants to deal with them</li>
    
<li>MG suggests we take responsibility</li>
    
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask if can take over</strong></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>

<li><strong>Committee Jumpers:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW says we haven’t in the past as it can be cliquey</li>
 
<li>ML suggests we only wear them for events so members can identify us</li>
 
<li>FT suggests committee morph suits </li>
 
<li>MW says that it is possible</li>
 
<li>MW reports we would have to pay full price personally</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Poll</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   18:35 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   20:03 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 28 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>