<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Tuesday 18th November
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>18:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (Minuting), Maddy Lardner (ML), Fearne Townsend (FT), Deji (D), Joseph Adams (JA), Oli Baker (OB)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Rohit</li>

<li>Sumeet</li>

<li>Toby</li>

<li>Amrit</li>

<li>Albert</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes approved</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Movember</strong></li>

<li><strong>UoB STAR</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION M: Invite UoB STAR to a meeting</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action TL: Find drive transfer script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>EGM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Handover:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION New Committee: Reach out to previous role holders if possible</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>ML reports this is done</li>   
</ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION New Committee: Complete canvas training</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>ML has completed training</li>
   
<li>D has completed training</li>
   
<li>JA has completed training</li>
   
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Break</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG</li>
 
<li>ML suggests we look at buying the mixer size coke cans</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Christmas Meal - Thursday 4th December</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports we have sold out</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW has asked for 5 more</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW will send orders off tomorrow</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: 2 Week publicity for Saturday</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Make placecards (there is a generator on <a href="https://tools.cssbham.com/">https://tools.cssbham.com/</a>)</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask Green Man if they accept bank transfer</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>League Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA/EW: Buy prizes</strong></li>
 
<li>There are enough people for 4 teams</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bar Crawl (30th January provisional)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT’s plan:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>19:00-20:30: Flight Club</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>£9pp for darts</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>ML reports there is a limit on the number that can do darts</li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Booking £12pp</li>
   
<li>They have food</li>
   
<li>FT reports they get very busy on a Saturday and the crowd is middle aged</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>20:30-21:00: Katie O’briens</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Unsure on booking costs</li>
   
<li>We aren’t guaranteed a table</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>21:20-22:00: The Brasshouse</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Booking fee info should be in the emails</li>
   
<li>£20 for Brasshouse</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>22:00-23:00: Felsons</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Online only allows up to 10 for online bookings</li>
   
<li>FT suggests we could do multiple bookings</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ticket request</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
  
<li>MW suggests tickets go out before Christmas</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MG suggests last week of term</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>OSM Mapathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Complete 2 week publicity for Thursday</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Complete 1 week publicity for OSM</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Email Tom to book Sloman</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bletchley Park - Saturday 28th February</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>All forms submitted</li>
 
<li>Tickets to go on sale January 1st</li>
 
<li>Make clear in announcements that you can either bring a pack lunch or use the cafeteria</li>
 
<li>ML suggests doing an Imitation Game movie night</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Write an application to the EPS culture fund</strong> </li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Imitation Game Movie Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Friday 20th February</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>FOSDEM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Reminder: Grants</li>
 
<li>OB reports that they are making progress</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Cross Platform Objective C Workshop</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Find a date that works for him</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bad Film Collab (hackers)</strong></li>

<li><strong>CSS Hookers Collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports they said no</li>
 
<li>FT reports they said it would be difficult to teach people the pattern</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>FT says that they offered to make a video</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT says that it can be hard to learn from videos so an in-person event might be easier to learn from</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT suggests an in-person event may be difficult as we do not have enough expert crocheters for instructing</li>
  
<li>JA asks how equipment would work</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT says we would probably have to provide equipment, which would be paid for by the participants</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>FT reports we would need around 1 needle per 4 attendees but everyone would need a hook</li>
    
<li>ML reports that poundland has hooks</li>
    
<li>MW suggests we get a grant</li>
    
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Do a grant application for materials (We did one for the plushes last year which can be repurposed)</strong></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Create interest form</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Breast Cancer Awareness collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: respond that we are happy to promote but not run (Instagram dm)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>NQ64 - Friday 28th November</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Do NQ64 1 week publicity</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>SloLAN</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Tuesday 20th January</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Reach out to VRSoc</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EVERYONE: Think of anti-pizza stealing techniques</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Ideas:</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Ask for memberships</li>
   
<li>Tickets</li>
   
<li><strong> </strong>Pizza tokens</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>ML suggests numbering each token</li>
    
<li>ML suggests a pizza shaped token</li>
    
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Create pizza tokens</strong></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Notify the school about drinks</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Board Games Night 2</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Monday 9th February</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Make guild activity and submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Catering form</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Notify the school about drinks</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports the meeting with the school went well</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Mo was not happy with externals</li>
  
<li>We will have full building access</li>
  
<li>180 capacity</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>We can have the same number of security</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>We need 10 organisers/volunteers</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Committee tickets will be released ahead of time</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>Todd suggested the school might have an extra £500</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Also suggested reaching out to staff who are interested in the Hackathon</li>
   
<li>No more LG06a</li>
   
<li>MW suggests Sloman could be the quiet room</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Do a grant (There is one from last year that can be repurposed, but bump up numbers)</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Write an application to the EPS culture fund (Deadline is 18th January)</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports meeting went well</li>
 
<li>They are seemingly on board</li> 
</ul>

<li>A new sponsorship doc has been put in the sponsorship channel</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>It has graphs</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EVERYONE: Review the new document</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £3,842.89</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £3107.62</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li>
 
<li>Christmas Meal Tickets</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Ming Moon</li>
 
<li>Halloween Quiz Drinks + Pizzas</li>
 
<li>Break Snacks</li>
 
<li>Hetzner</li>
 
<li>Christmas Meal</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Grants</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Focussing on Bletchley, FOSDEM and possible Ball and pizza</li>
 
<li>Send a message if you have grant ideas</li> 
</ul>

<li>There is a £210 discrepancy currently</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>OB reports progress is being made but the cause of the discrepancy is still unclear</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Do a Movember post</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Write post for disability history month (by the end of next week)</strong></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>New emoji competition</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Compile list of lesser-used emojis</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Ban Amrit from the kitchen</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Thigh Highs</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Research thigh highs</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Maddy’s ideas:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>More Relaxed Social Events</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>ML suggests we do ice skating</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Investigate prices and booking</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li>MW suggests we run it week 10</li>     
<ul>
     
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Find prices for that day</strong></li>      
<ul>
      
<li>ML reports we need numbers and then we can book</li>      
</ul></li>      
</ul>
    
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Create activity</strong></li>     
<ul>
     
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
     
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Ping SB</strong></li>     
</ul>
    
<li>ML suggests we do a save the date poster to put up for Christmas Light switch on</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
 
<li><strong>More Advertisement around the schools building/Instagram</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Put weekly roundups on Instagram</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action cancelled</strong></li>   
</ul>
  
<li>ML suggests we make use of the CS atrium TV</li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask if can take over</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>

<li><strong>Committee Jumpers:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Poll</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>ML suggests we try and convince the school to put more money towards it</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   18:35 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   19:55 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 20 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>