<style>
table, th, td {
  border: 1px solid black;
  border-collapse: collapse;
}
</style>
<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Zoom
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Friday 6th June
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>17:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Holly Packer (Chairing) (HP), Joseph Adams (Minuting) (JA), George Barrell (GB), Vidushi (V), Sai (S), Toby Landells (TL), Rohit Jose (RJ), Jhundon de Mendi (JM), Matt Norton (MN), Mahima Gupta (M), Nial Dixon (ND), Fearne Townsend (FT), Amrit Bhogal (AB)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Apologies received from Marcus, Evie, Oli, Sabrina, Leo, Sumeet, Matty, </li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>HP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Agenda / Minutes format feedback</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Still had no feedback</li>
 
<li>HP is unsure if it’ll come back soon, so we’ll upload as is and see how they work</li>
 
<li>If people bring it up down the line, we can update accordingly</li>
 
<li>JA says it is a reasonable plan</li>
 
<li>MN asks if it will be auto converted</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP says MG has a format</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MN says it is a process that can change as we go</li>
 
<li>S asks if we can reach out to people who need the accessible format to get their thoughts</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Committee Social</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Bowling is booked for 14 people in total</li>
 
<li>If you can not make it, let HP know</li>
 
<li>If you now want to go, come along and see if we can get you in</li>
 
<li>Remember student IDs!</li>
 
<li>Starts at 10 past 6pm</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Incoming Committee Welcome
<ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Do Guild training</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Deadline is the 12th</li>
 
<li>2 people have not enrolled</li>
 
<li>Vast majority have completed training</li>
 
<li>MW sent a list of people in handover</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Write Committee bio</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Haven’t been caught up with</li>
 
<li>MN asks for merge, HP thinks 1st July</li>
 
<li>Pinned in handover, HP will post again</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Handovers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>JA apologises to MN</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MLH has emailed us about meeting r.e. birminghack</li>
 
<li>LB says they do want to meet with us</li>
 
<li>It’ll be a post-exam thing</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Follow up early June to organise a meeting with MLH</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Carried Forward</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Search for BBQs to buy</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask Habiba if we can use disposable BBQs</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION GB: Check if the raffle book is there</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: New publicity for the BBQ</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>JA enjoyed it</li>
 
<li>HP says we started later and a few small issues</li>
 
<li>Overall, a success to run on the Guild lawn</li>
 
<li>RJ thinks it was pretty good overall</li>
 
<li>Attendance was lower than expected</li>
 
<li>MN says some people said it was a weird day, but also said it was the best day we had</li>
 
<li>Raffle & keyrings didn’t happen unfortunately (didn’t get approved in time)</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>EPS Trophy</strong> (formerly Sports Day)</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SB added HP to the group chat</li>
 
<li>Newest message: “Hope it’s possible”</li>
 
<li>Said payment would be £19.12</li>
 
<li>HP is worried about delays and late publicity</li>
 
<li>HP will follow up with SB and the group chat</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pub Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Start sorting Pterobyte stickers</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>HP has stickers! They look better!</li>
 
<li>Everything else has been sorted</li>
 
<li>FT has worked on Instagram publicity</li>
 
<li>HP suggests a day-off announcement</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION JA: Write pub night reminder</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>The Trade Desk</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP knows Patricia responded to MG’s email and nothing else</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>ARM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Chase Vishwas</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>
  
<li>Done right before the meeting so no response yet</li>
  
<li>Answer is probably no</li>
  
<li>ARM didn’t get the expected amount, so are not sponsoring</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £142.44</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,588.87 </strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SoCS Budget (2750)</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>BBQ Shit</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>The Big Gay Month</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SA is working on an announcement</li> 
</ul>

<li>Eid Ul-Adha</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>TeX Pokemon Card</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT says different cards with types, Terabyte, stats, etc.</li>
 
<li>MN asks if we’re encouraging gambling</li>
 
<li>FT suggests different cars for different programming languages</li>
 
<li>HP says we already have stickers as collectibles</li>
 
<li>JM suggests rarity based on number of mentions in CSS </li>
 
<li>V suggests membership discounts</li>
 
<li>S asks legality & Guild-legality</li>
 
<li>MN suggests you just buy the whole set as merch, rather than freebie or giveaway</li>
 
<li>HP suggests looking into where we can get/produce these cards</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Look into getting cards</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Make the new colour roles start with a capital</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>“Yes” - JA</li>
 
<li>HP decides no :(</li>
 
<li>HP will respond admitting their choice</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Wordle channel or thread</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW has already sorted this</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Make a pet opt-in channel</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MN says already a thread</li>
 
<li>People want a channel so it doesn’t keep disappearing</li>
 
<li>MN suggests a channel for photography including pets; but that causes issues with food channel</li>
 
<li>Pets as a separate channel is more accessible and may encourage people to share pets</li>
 
<li>MN says TeXBot will need changing:</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MN: Add to TexBot</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Change perms</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MN: Write non-ping announcement </strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Respond to thread</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Sloman lounge taps are sticky</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>We cannot do anything</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Putt Party Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP thinks it would be fun for over the holidays</li>
 
<li>FT thinks it sounds good</li>
 
<li>MN suggests picking a random day in Summer to run it and announce it once we start</li>
 
<li>HP suggests a proper event </li>
 
<li>HP is unsure whether we should involve outgoing committee; suggests GB & FT</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Start planning and pick a day</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Minecraft Server</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>We have one, but what do we want to do?</li>
 
<li>MN mentions build competitions as a short term event</li>
 
<li>JM thinks we should continue with survival modded MC</li>
 
<li>LB suggested ATM 9 (No Frills) but HP does not like it</li>
 
<li>HP prefers something that has something for everyone</li>
 
<li>AB suggests ATM 11</li>
 
<li>All Of Fabric is an ATM-esque modpack that HP likes</li>
 
<li>JM thinks we shouldn’t go too tech-heavy; S agrees, they couldn’t be bothered to figure out the modpack (many agree)</li>
 
<li>JM suggests Cobblemon; HP isn’t sure </li>
 
<li>AB wants Computer Craft</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>“That has Lua, doesn’t it?” - HP</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>JM suggests older Feed The Beast</li>
 
<li>MN suggests asking for a Discord vote based on a shortlist committee makes</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION Everyone: Put mod suggestions in Minecraft channel</strong></li>
 
<li>HP will respond to channel</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Fish Channel</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MN wants to know if we need fish reacting to people, or whether we need a fish POV</li>
 
<li>HP says Pets will do this</li>
 
<li>We need to fish react all pet images - HP</li>
 
<li>HP suggests making pets a media channel so it can only be images</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Big Handover Meeting</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP added this for MW to discuss</li>
 
<li>We will bring it up next meeting/in the Discord</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td> 17:40 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td> 18:29 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td> 49 minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

