<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Tuesday 25th November
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>18:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (MW) (Chair), Marcus Gustafsson (MG) (Minuting),  Deji (D), Amrit Bhogal (AB), Toby Landells (TL), Albert Waldron (AW), Joe Adams (JA), Evie Wilson (EW), Fearne Townsend (FT), Rohit Jose (RJ), Sabrina Ahmad (SA)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Maddy</li>

<li>Sumeet</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>UoB STAR</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION M: Invite UoB STAR to a meeting</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action TL: Find drive transfer script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>League Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA/EW: Buy prizes</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>EW reports the number of people was ideal for the tournament as there was a power of 2</li>
 
<li>EW reports people had fun</li>
 
<li>EW reports we have the prizes but they have not been collected yet</li>
 
<li>TL reports that it was fun</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Break</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MG, AB, TL</li>
 
<li>MG suggests milk powder</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Christmas Meal - Thursday 4th December</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: 2 Week publicity for Saturday</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action cancelled</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Make placecards (there is a generator on <a href="https://tools.cssbham.com/">https://tools.cssbham.com/</a>)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask Green Man if they accept bank transfer</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports that both the person on the phone and their manager didn’t know, said they would contact head office to confirm and call back tomorrow (Wednesday)</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Meal choices were sent off</li>
 
<li>Some people have asked if they can just turn up, the answer is no</li>
 
<li>Tickets can be sold between people though</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Bar Crawl (30th January provisional)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>FT’s plan:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>19:00-20:30: Flight Club</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>£9pp for darts</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>ML reports there is a limit on the number that can do darts</li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Booking £100 refundable</li>
   
<li>They have food</li>
   
<li>FT reports they get very busy on a Saturday and the crowd is middle aged</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>20:30-21:00: Katie O’briens</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Unsure on booking costs</li>
   
<li>We aren’t guaranteed a table</li>
   
<li>They only take walk ins</li>
   
<li>There is live music</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>21:20-22:00: The Brasshouse</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Booking fee info should be in the emails</li>
   
<li>£20 for Brasshouse</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>22:00-23:00: Felsons</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Online only allows up to 10 for online bookings</li>
   
<li>FT reports it is £10 to secure the booking, they have offered to wave the pool fees</li>
   
<li>FT says they take mixer app</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>MG suggests £2-£3 surcharge for non-members</li>
 
<li>RJ suggests we remind people in announcements that they can’t just show up</li>
 
<li>MW suggests same t-shirt design as last years</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>We need to update the places</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Update t-shirt</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ticket request</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>OSM Mapathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Complete 1 week publicity for OSM</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action cancelled</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Email Tom to book Sloman</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action complete</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bletchley Park - Saturday 28th February</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Write an application to the EPS culture fund</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Habiba has asked for evidence of interest </li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Imitation Game Movie Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Friday 20th February</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Do RA, Activity, create channel</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Find a room and book it by messaging Todd</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>G12 is free</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>FOSDEM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Reminder: Grants</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Cross Platform Objective C Workshop</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Submit pre-prepared RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Find a date that works for him</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Bad Film Collab (hackers)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SA reports this would be next semester</li>
 
<li>EW suggests we do a Mario Kart rematch</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Plush Making</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Do a grant application for materials (We did one for the plushes last year which can be repurposed)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Create interest form</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Do a ping announcement</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Breast Cancer Awareness collab</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: respond that we are happy to promote but not run (Instagram dm)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>NQ64 - Friday 28th November</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Do NQ64 1 week publicity</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MG reports we need to bring ear plugs</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>SloLAN</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Tuesday 20th January</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Reach out to VRSoc</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION ML: Create pizza tokens</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Notify the school about drinks</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Board Games Night 2</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Monday 9th February</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Notify the school about drinks</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Do a grant (There is one from last year that can be repurposed, but bump up numbers)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION OB: Write an application to the EPS culture fund (Deadline is 18th January)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Hastings Direct are still interested in sponsoring</li>
 
<li>D reports that the website updates have been finished</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>They will need a PR to add them</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION D + AB: Reach out to potential sponsors</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Reach out to AFNOM about the mini-ctf</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Talk to the other Algosoc committee</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Ice Skating/Christmas Markets</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Create activity</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Ping SB</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Create ticket request form</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>A new sponsorship doc has been put in the sponsorship channel</li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION EVERYONE: Review the new document</strong></li>
 
<li>AB reports it may need to be adjusted as it uses react</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £3,842.89</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £3107.62</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li>
 
<li>Christmas Meal Tickets</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Christmas Meal</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Grants</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Focussing on Bletchley, FOSDEM and possible Ball and pizza</li>
 
<li>Send a message if you have grant ideas</li> 
</ul>

<li>There is a £210 discrepancy currently</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Do a Movember post</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action in progress</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Write post for disability history month (by the end of next week)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action in progress</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>New emoji competition</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Compile list of lesser-used emojis</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Ban Amrit from the kitchen</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION AB: Respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>More pub nights / social nights</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports that a fortnightly pub night could be alright</li>
 
<li>FT suggests we probably wouldn’t have to book as fewer people would turn up</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MG suggests normally doing one venue, but we can mix it up like with NQ64</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>AW says that a lot of the first years are interested in more regular get togethers</li>
 
<li>AW reports that any of the selly oak pubs would work, as well as Joes</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>RJ says that something on campus may be easier to organise as it reduces risk</li>
  
<li>FT suggests we poll the members on pubs</li>
  
<li>Soak vs Joes</li>
  
<li>MW reports the pear is inaccessible, and goose is too small</li>
  
<li>MW suggests doing a poll with everything on it and we can go from there</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Respond</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Thigh Highs</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Research thigh highs</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Atrium TV</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Ask if can take over</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li>Helen says it is now fixed</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Committee Jumpers:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Poll</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action completed</strong></li>
  
<li>Committee hoodies won</li>
  
<li>SA voted for onesies</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW asks how we make the committee ones different</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>EW suggests they all say ‘Big Widds’ on them</li>
  
<li>FT suggests we have our roles on the back</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW asks if we should have names</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>FT says no</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>FT suggests logo on top of roles</li>
 
<li>MG suggests logo under roles</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   18:35 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   19:45 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 10 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>