---
layout: post
published: true
title: Another amazing start to the year for CSS
thumbnail: /assets/images/docker-workshop.jpg
header-image: /assets/images/docker-workshop.jpg
---

Computer Science Society has had another great start to the year. We’ve held record-breaking events and started new initiatives. We have even updated our online presence with our re-modelled website and newsletters. This article is a summary of the last few newsletters. So if you would like to read more about what we are doing, then please take a look at cssbham.com/newsletter.

We have so far put on 26 different events for our members, of which we now have 272 - a new record. Welcome Week this year started with the usual pub night in Selly Oak. We saw almost 100 of our returning members and new members at the Bristol Pear. Another annual event we ran was our trip to Ming Moon - a Chinese Buffet in the town centre. For many of our new members, this was the first time visiting the town centre and we were able to celebrate the new year with some delicious food.

Hackathons are one of the most important things a  student can get involved with. We worked with our friends at HackTheMidlands to bring one of the largest events in October and in Birmingham. HTM is an annual inclusive hackathon for all ages 14+, no matter whether you are a complete beginner or veteral. Hackathons are a chance to learn some new skills, build a fun and awesome project, and most importantly share what you have done.

Other honourable mentions from October include a Tech Talk by one of our long term speakers, Jon Kingsley. He spoke about “how to destroy your car, ruin your printer, and make your family hate you.”

November brought about our greatest new project so far. Developer Student Clubs is a worldwide initiative lead by Google, whose aims are to link the learning we do at university with useful skills which are applicable in industry through workshops and tutorials. Justin kicked off this series of workshops with one on Git - the most used code version control system used in industry and followed up with a workshop on Docker - a software deployment system using containers. We are always looking for suggestions of what workshops we should run next. Please do get in touch with us/Justin if you have any ideas on what skills you would like to find out more about.

We held our largest event so far. We worked with the Qiskit team at IBM to bring a series of sessions consisting of two workshop lectures, and a hackathon. Qiskit is an open-source quantum computing framework with tools for developing quantum programs.The first session we ran was a lecture given by Dr. Miriam Backens. They gave an introduction on what quantum computing is all about and outlined the basic theory in what makes quantum computers work. The second session was a workshop, hosted by our Qiskit volunteers, focusing on setting up the Qiskit environment in preparation for the hackathon. The final session was a 9 hour hackathon, during which we provided breakfast, lunch and dinner. The judges were impressed with the many different projects all of the teams presented at the end of the hackathon, but they were most impressed the two joint winning teams, who implemented a simple game with a quantum twist and simulated quantum gates.

Our final big event of the semester was the annual Christmas Dinner and once again we dined at the S’Oak. 88 members came together to close out and celebrate the term with some tasty food, and there was some karaoke as well.

It has been an amazing close to the decade for CSS. We’ll be back in the new year with many great events including more from the DSC workshop series and our CSS Ball in March. Don’t forget to keep an eye out on our website for updates in January. We wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!

---

Merry Christmas,

Likkan - _Publicity Rep_
