---
layout: post 
title: Special Event Announcement
date: 2020-06-08
header-image: /assets/images/house-party-2020-banner.png
thumbnail: /assets/images/june-20.png
description: June 20, 2020. 19:00 P.M.
---

CSS to host virtual House Party on June 20

## CSS House Party
We are excited to announce an all new virtual event to take place on **June 20th 2020**!

The 'House Party' will be hosted on [Discord](https://discord.gg/4JjfwFP) and begin at **19:00 P.M.**

We can announce that we have planned the following activities:
1. A phenomenal pub quiz with a computer science round! 
2. A block-busting Minecraft building competition! The results of this contest will be announced later in the evening.
3. A huge, exciting and funny game of Quiplash.
4. A MASSIVE game of Werewolf which our Special Events rep Jacob has agreed to host.   

## Discord channels
There will be several Discord channels available for use throughout the evening.
 If you haven't already, [click here](https://discord.gg/8nsmHJs) to join our server!
 It's  *important* to join this beforehand.    

### Voice channels
In the theme of a house party, our marketing team have come up with the following incredible names for the voice channels!
- Great Hall - this will be for big events like the pub quiz, Werewolf and Quiplash
- Billiards Room - for Jackbox
- Ball Room - for jamming out to some music (with a bot) 
- Games Room - for Secret Hitler, Codenames and more!
- Basement - for those of you who love Minecraft
- Sitting Room
- Dining Room
- Kitchens
- Master Bedroom
- Wine Cellar

### Text channels
-	Announcements
-	General
-	Sh*tposting - we needed something to raise the quality of #General...

## How do I sign up?
Just join our Discord channel and be there at *19:00 P.M.* on the *20th June 2020*.

We know that many of you haven't had a chance to hang out with your friends so here's your opportunity!

### Contacts
- **Committee**: [cssoc@cs.bham.ac.uk](mailto:cssoc@cs.bham.ac.uk)
- **George Baker (Publicity Rep):** [gxb911@cs.bham.ac.uk](mailto:gxb911@cs.bham.ac.uk)