<style>
table, th, td {
  border: 1px solid black;
  border-collapse: collapse;
}
</style>
<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>Discord
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Friday 20th June
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>18:00 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Matty Widdop (Chairing) (MW), Marcus Gustafsson (Minuting) (MG), Joseph Adams (JA), Holly Packe (HP), Mahima Gupta (M), George Barrell (GB), Toby Landells (TL), Jhundon de Mendi (JM), Amrit Bhogal (AB), Oli Baker (OB), Leonardo Bishop (LB),  Rohit Jose (RJ), Sumeet Brar (SB)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Carrot</li>

<li>Evie</li>

<li>Sai</li>

<li>Sabrina</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>HP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Agenda / Minutes format feedback</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Start work on allowing accessible minute/agenda uploads</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: Add minutes</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Minecraft Server</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports it was a rocky start but is now relatively active</li>
 
<li>MW reports roughly 4 people a day</li>
 
<li>HP reports that a mod that affects mob spawning has broken spawners</li>
 
<li>MW asks if spawn rates are tweakable, it is</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Mess with config for spawners</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Submit £100</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports invoice received</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Do Guild training</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports everyone has done training</li>
 
<li>MW reports we can give drive access if everyone has done training</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Write Committee bio</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Github details can be sent in handover</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Handovers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports handover not done yet</li>
 
<li>LB reports handover not done yet</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>BIG HANDOVER:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW demonstrated committee discord channels</li>
 
<li>MW demonstrated the Google Drive</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>If you have done training send your gmail to MW or HP</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION OLD COMMITTEE: Transfer anything on the drive to the css account</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW demonstrated VaultWarden</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>OB asks if any of the accounts have 2fa</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW reports the google account pings HP and MW</li>
   
<li>MW reports the 2fa for the github is in committee general pins and the drive “somewhere”</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li>MW discussed the server infrastructure:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>There is a link in handover</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Follow up early June to organise a meeting with MLH</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW reports that Lee has said that bbqs can be left in the cage indefinitely</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION: Put training on SGF</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>EPS Trophy</strong> (formerly Sports Day)</li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW rang them again, did not hear anything</li>
 
<li>MW is going to try and get incident report</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pub Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP has submitted sticker expense</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Graduation:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW asks if anyone is available to hand out stickers</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Key dates:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Summer Quiz - Friday 22nd August</li>
 
<li>Welcome Week - 22nd September</li>
 
<li>Halloween Quiz - Either Friday 24th October or Thursday 30th October</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP suggests 30th is more halloweeny</li>
  
<li>RJ suggests that a Friday might be better</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Film Night - Possibly November</li>
 
<li>Bar Crawl - Saturday 15th November</li>
 
<li>Christmas Meal - wc 1st December (Thursday/Friday usually)</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Quizzes are sometimes on a Thursday (4th December) which is fun</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Bletchley Park - Weekend at the End of February</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Depends on coach availability</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>Ball - First Week after Easter:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>HP prefers after so that it feels more like the end of the year and it means project will be over</li>
  
<li>Day dependent on venue</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>BBQ - Depends on when exams finished, around late May or beginning of June</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week/First Week:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Board Games Night: Monday 22nd September</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Scavenger Hunt: Tuesday 23rd and Wednesday 24th September</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon: Friday 26th September </strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Mixers:</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>First Year</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>Final Year</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>PGT</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Socs Night: Monday 29th September</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>AFNOM Installfest</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>We normally help AFNOM promote this</li>
  
<li>Normally AFNOM are very happy for anyone who wants to help out, reach out to them</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Pub Night: Friday 3rd October</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Redirect Hastings Direct to Amrit</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £293.33</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,738.87</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SoCS Budget (2750)</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>BBQ Shit</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports we can sell these for cash</li>
  
<li><strong>ACTION GB: Check we definitely have 2</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li>MW reports we have not been told finance deadline yet</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>TeX Pokemon Card</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Look into getting cards</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action carried forwards</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Make a pet opt-in channel</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MN: Add to TexBot</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Complete</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Change perms</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Complete</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MN: Write non-ping announcement </strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Complete</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Respond to thread</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Complete</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Putt Party Tournament</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION FT: Start planning and pick a day</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action carried forwards</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>CSS Goes Gambling</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>No</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td> 18:05 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td> 19:28 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td> 1 Hours 23 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>
