   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Handover
<ul>

<li><strong>Drive Transfers</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action MN: Find script at some point</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon?</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Valyfy</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Contact Valyfy</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Put training on SGF</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Board Games Night</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MN reports the colab element was well received</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>The roleplay element should have had rooms booked in advance</li>
   
<li>Committee all went downstairs so it was hard for Todd to find us</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MN reports attendance was 95</li>
  
<li>MN reports that pizza calculator worked well</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>SA reports that we did have quite a lot of the vegan/vegetarian pizzas left</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MN reports that Domino has contradictory information about its gluten free pizza due to cross-contamination</li>
  
<li>FT reports that an earlier time for committee arrival would be better as lots of attendees arrived before committee were ready</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>OB says that some people arrived around half an hour early so a formal set up time would be good</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MN reports that Todd was not massively happy about our response time on teams about the graffiti</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>OB says that teams notifications are often delayed</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>OB reports that it was unclear that it was a collaboration so a bit more a formal plan would have been an improvement</li>
  
<li>MN suggests we restock on napkins, plates, cups etc for socs night</li>
  
<li>FT reports that most soft drinks were equally popular except Sprite</li>
  
<li>FT reports that people mixed quite well</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Scavenger Hunt</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>There was relatively good participation this year</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Far more than last year</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MG suggest we rotate or alter questions for next year for people repeating the scavenger hunt</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW asks if we need to cater for repeats</li>
   
<li>SA suggests a separate quiz for second+ years</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>MW suggests doing this in January</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
  
<li>EW suggests we should have an answer sheet</li>
  
<li>OB reports that some people confused the QR code for the hunt for the membership QR</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW suggests we should update the boards</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>Apparently RJ is working on this</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Ming Moon</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>MW reports that on the day, very few people were free</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT had to go on their own</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MW reports Ming Moon used up the entire deposit</li>
  
<li>FT reports some people were discounted but late people were charged full</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Ming Moon said they could either have it off the meal or on the bar tab</li>
   
<li>MW reports that one year we had to fight them</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT reports the email link said £100 but took £200</li>
  
<li>MW suggests we research alternate venues</li>
  
<li>FT reports that people enjoyed it</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>There were 25 attendees</li>
   
<li>MW reports that attendance has been dwindling since 2021</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>SoCS Stall</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>FT reports that a non-fresher started berating about the university towards us</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Another person kept asking about internships</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT reports there was a good mix of undergrads and postgrads</li>
  
<li>MG reports that plenty of people had more general course/internship questions</li>
  
<li>MW asks how the rota system worked</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT reports it was good</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MW reports Helen has asked us to move stuff from the cupboard</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW suggests around 12:00 to move stuff</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MG reports that WISE probably still has our banner pole</li>
  
<li>MG and TL report Thursday was quite busy</li>
  
<li>OB suggests we have an example of each size so people can better work out which to take</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Guild Soc Fair Stall</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>FT reports it was quieter on Thursday, as lots of people had seen CSS already and the fair itself was quieter</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW reports that attendance halved from 7000 to 3500</li>
   
<li>MW reports that more specialised societies were allocated to Thursday whereas more discoverable ones were Wednesday</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MG reports the guild weren’t a great help with handovers</li>
  
<li>MG reports that questions at the fair were more general about the society with less SoCS related stuff</li>
  
<li>OB reports that very few people showed up in SoCS on Wednesday</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT reports that most CS students were at the fair anyway</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>FT reports that a lot of people asked about taster sessions</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>FT suggested Ming Moon as that style of event</li>
   
<li>MW suggests this is just a symptom of us being more lax with memberships than other societies</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MN reports that some of the stuff on our board is quite old so needs to be updated</li>
  
<li>FT reports we have run out of plain TeX</li>
  
<li>MN reports we have run out of hex stickers</li>
  
<li>OB reports we didn’t have enough left for the socs stall once we had taken stickers to the guild</li>
  
<li>MN reports plenty of duck and plushie interest</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MG reports that some people were very interested in them as prizes</li>
   
<li>MW suggest a colab with hookers where we make TeX plushies</li>
   
<li>RJ suggests plushie prizes for Halloween</li>    
<ul>
    
<li>MG suggests we use the plushies for the costume competition</li>
    
<li>MN suggests ducks for main prize</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Welcome Week/First Week:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Mixers (Week 1):</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Tom has sent the intro talk dates and times</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Monday 22nd Sep </li>    
<ul>
    
<li>UG Year 1 Induction Talks, 11-1 and 3-5pm (both in Haworth 101) </li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Wednesday 24th Sep </li>    
<ul>
    
<li>MSc All – 1-3pm, Haworth 101 </li>    
</ul>
   
<li>Thursday 25th Sep</li>    
<ul>
    
<li> MSc All – 2-4pm, TLB LT1</li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
  
<li><strong>First Year</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Tuesday 30th, around 14:00-16:00 in Joes</li>
   
<li>Maths + CS has a lecture up till 15:00</li>
   
<li><strong>ACTION SA: Email lecturer to see if we can steal people</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li></li>    
</ul>
   
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Email venues to book Joes</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
  
<li><strong>PGT</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Monday 29th, 14:00-16:00 in Joes</li>
   
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Also email venues about this</strong></li>    
<ul>
    
<li></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul></li>    
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Socs Night: Monday 29th September</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>We need to make sure powerpoints are ready</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Ours is good</li>   
</ul>
  
<li>MN asks if we have a list of people going</li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Plenty of us are going</li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>AFNOM Installfest</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>AFNOM has asked if people can help, you can message them in the AFNOM external channel</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Pub Night: Friday 3rd October</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li></li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>Individual publicity for events</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION RJ: Do the publicity (and delegate some, please)</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>Grouped publicity complete</li>
   
<li><strong>Action carried forwards</strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>
 
<li><strong>T-Shirts:</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Hastings Direct</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Redirect Hastings Direct to Amrit</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action </strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>AB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £3250.54</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,497.80</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Memberships</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>T-Shirts</li>
 
<li>Domains</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>48 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>2 remaining(?)</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION MW: Check we definitely have 2</strong></li>   
<ul>
   
<li>MW reports there might be more than 2</li>
   
<li><strong>Action </strong></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul></li>   
</ul>

<li><strong>Grants</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Outcomes have been posted</li>
 
<li>£422 for Manchester Hackathon</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Hopefully still exists</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>£216 for server costs</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>OB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Action SA: Look into Rosh Hashanah post for Monday</strong></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li></li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td>   19:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td>   21:03 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td>   1 Hours 33 Minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>
