
<style>
table, th, td {
  border: 1px solid black;
  border-collapse: collapse;
}
</style>
<pre class="prettyprint">CSS Committee Meeting - Minutes</pre>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Location:
   </td>
   <td>LG23 + Zoom
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Date:
   </td>
   <td>Friday 9th May
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Time:
   </td>
   <td>17:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attendees:
   </td>
   <td>Holly Packer (Chairing) (HP), Joseph Adams (Minuting) (JA), Sai (S), Tobias Landells (TL), Leonardo Bishop (LB), George Barrell (GB), Matty Widdop (MW), Amrit Bhogal (AB), Evie Wilson (EW), Sabrina Ahmad (SA), Oli Baker (OB), Matt Norton (MN), Rohit Jose (RJ), Sumeet Brar (SB), Jhundon De Mendi (JM), Mahima Gupta (M)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<p>
 
</p>

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>1</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Apologies
<ul>

<li>Apologies received from Marcus, Sumeet</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>HP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>2</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Adoption of Previous Minutes 
<ul>

<li>Minutes unanimously adopted</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>3</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Matters Arising
<ul>

<li><strong>Member role colour poll</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action MW: Do whatever he said after Easter</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li> 
</ul>

<li>HP thinks it might be worth an announcement</li>

<li><strong>Action JA: Write a short reminder announcement</strong></li>

<li>HP states it’s closer than they expected</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>4</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Incoming Committee Welcome
<ul>

<li><strong>Action new members: Do Guild training</strong></li>

<li><strong>Action new members: Write Committee bio</strong></li>

<li><strong>Handovers:</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Larger handover meeting sometime in June</li>
 
<li>MW will choose a date after exams are over</li> 
</ul>

<li>No update on GDPR training issues</li>

<li>There will be a solution being sent around</li>

<li>Not much progress, but focus on exams</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>5</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Past Events
<ul>

<li><strong>Annual General Meeting</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW suggests waiting until minutes are confirmed to archive channel which should be Thursday 8th May</li>
 
<li>Amendments have been passed, but nor official confirmation</li>
 
<li>HP thinks it should be OK to archive channels now as they’re internal</li>
 
<li>MW suggests waiting for the email to be absolutely sure</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Hackathon</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Deliver LEGO</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete: LEGO in cupboard</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>MW suggests we wait until grants are dealt with before talking to Todd (Which should be the end of next weekish)</li>
 
<li>School has to contribute less than expected</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Winterborne Trip</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Happened Wednesday</li>
 
<li>JA says it went well </li>
 
<li>AB said they went there and studied</li>
 
<li>HP feels it works better during term time rather than the holidays</li>
 
<li>RJ says it was pretty nice, and was in a better time of the year</li>
 
<li>RJ also says it’s a great place for people to wander off by themselves rather than stick with the group if they prefer</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>6</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Future Events (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>EPS Trophy</strong> (formerly Sports Day)</li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION SB: Contact the group chat again</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>They have confirmed the data as the 9th of June</li>
 
<li>SB asks if we are willing to contribute to the funding</li>
 
<li>HP says it would need to benefit members, so members only</li>
 
<li>SB says societies usually participate; last year was the school though</li>
 
<li>In terms of funding, HP is happy with their proposed funding, but if they need more, it would need to be discussed</li>
 
<li>They also requested help with booking courts</li>
 
<li>HP suggests adding this to the handover between SB and EW; can also share the channel</li>
 
<li>HP would like to be added to their chat to ask questions about publicity, the way it’ll work, and issues on the day</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>BBQ</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>MW asked if we want to do a fundraiser again</li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action SA: Do fundraising form (action carried forward, havent checked email yet to do form)</strong></li>
  
<li>CC in the webmail with response</li>  
</ul>
 
<li>HP suggests emergency pizza catering form</li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>ACTION EW: Complete catering form for pizza prior to 16th May</strong></li>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>  
</ul>
 
<li>“Now for the bad news” - HP</li>
 
<li>Venues have said no, but Jodie & Habiba are going to speak to venues</li>
 
<li>Three plans going forward:</li>  
<ul>
  
<li>A - Original form, though unlikely</li>
  
<li>B - Another venue outside The Guild</li>
  
<li>C - Pizza party (HP doesn’t want to do this again) or a picnic format</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>Pub Night</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Projected for 6th June</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION GB and FT: Complete the RA</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>
  
<li>It’s been approved!</li>  
</ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION GB and FT: Contact Soak for 40 people</strong></li>
 
<li>HP suggests trying Pterobyte stickers again because they were nabbed from the bar crawl</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Start sorting Pterobyte stickers</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>7</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Sponsor/Industry Update (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>The Trade Desk</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>TTD interested in doing an office visit / open house</li>
 
<li>MG suggested more general thing</li>
 
<li>No update</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION MG: to respond</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li>Action Complete</li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>

<li><strong>ARM</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>HP suggests we chase Vishwas about ARM funding</li>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Chase Vishwas</strong></li>  
<ul>
  
<li><strong>Action Carried Forward</strong></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul></li>  
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MG
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>8</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Finance Report <em>(standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Most recent statement balance: £-90.05</strong></li>

<li><strong>Actual working balance: £1,738.87</strong></li>

<li><strong>Pending incomings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>SoCS Budget (2750)</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Pending outgoings</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>Final ball bits n bobs</li>
 
<li>AGM Pizza</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>Grants</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li>BBQ</li>
 
<li>BirmingHack</li>
 
<li>Plushies</li> 
</ul>

<li><strong>TeX plushies</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>40 sold</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>10 remaining</strong></li>
 
<li>MW suggests £150 labour cost</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>MW
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>9</strong>
   </td>
   <td>EDI Report (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>HP reports the next calendar events are May Day and Mental Health Awareness Week</li>

<li><strong>ACTION SA: Prepare announcements (Optional)</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>Action Carried Forward</strong></li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>SA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>10</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Committee Suggestions (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li>MG would like feedback on the accessible PDF format he’s trying out</li>

<li>It is in the channel</li>
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>LB
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>11</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Any Other Business (<em>standing item)</em>
<ul>

<li><strong>Committee Social</strong></li> 
<ul>
 
<li><strong>ACTION HP: Create poll for time and place</strong></li>
 
<li><strong>Action Complete</strong></li>
 
<li>Results are early June bowling L</li>
 
<li>HP will do a LettuceMeet</li> 
</ul></li> 
</ul>
   </td>
   <td>All
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual start time
   </td>
   <td> 17:30 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Actual end time
   </td>
   <td> 18:02 BST
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Duration
   </td>
   <td> 32 minutes
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

